README.md, before:

# Team Project

This repository has been created to store your Team Project.

You may edit it as you like, but please do not remove the default topics or the project members list. These need to stay as currently defined in order for your lecturer to be able to find and mark your work.

<br>

### Set-up
Install the packages and library for the project by running \
`pip install -r requirements.txt`.

### Running The Project
Once you have installed the package requirements, the project can be run with the command \
`flask --app flaskr/app run`

##### Example Logins
Our restaurant system uses the same login portal for customers and staff. The following are some logins to see the functionality at different levels of admin. \
Customer: 

Waiters: 
* Melissa Wilson, Waiter1!
* Rory Baker, Waiter2!
* Amy Smith, Waiter3!

Kitchen Staff: 
* Anthony Spark, Kitchen1!
* Phoebe Taylor, Kitchen2!
* Matthew Williams, Kitchen3!

Manager/Owner: 
* Isabelle Davies, Manager1!
* Paul Grant, Manager2!
* Tony Atkinson, Owner10!

Commit message:

Add doc comments to the models.
* Add doc comments to the models
* Remove random comments
* Remove print statements
* Update readme to tell the user to create their own customer login, as
  there aren't pre-existing customer logins - only staff logins.

README.md, after:

# Team Project

This repository has been created to store your Team Project.

You may edit it as you like, but please do not remove the default topics or the project members list. These need to stay as currently defined in order for your lecturer to be able to find and mark your work.

<br>

### Set-up
Install the packages and library for the project by running \
`pip install -r requirements.txt`.

### Running The Project
Once you have installed the package requirements, the project can be run with the command \
`flask --app flaskr/app run`

##### Example Logins
Our restaurant system uses the same login portal for customers and staff. The following are some logins to see the functionality at different levels of admin. 

Customer: 
* Feel free to create your own account!

Waiters: 
* Melissa Wilson, Waiter1!
* Rory Baker, Waiter2!
* Amy Smith, Waiter3!

Kitchen Staff: 
* Anthony Spark, Kitchen1!
* Phoebe Taylor, Kitchen2!
* Matthew Williams, Kitchen3!

Manager/Owner: 
* Isabelle Davies, Manager1!
* Paul Grant, Manager2!
* Tony Atkinson, Owner10!
